1. shouldn't the agent allow to intake a detailed address of the home?
2. better UI
3. i like the info the frontend list after asking. but i want it more clear and easy to read, reader need to know the key factors
4. should the frontend be more like a chat? or combination of chat and form?

5. have the agent using result of CMA? 


6. will ML model helps on trends of effects of each factor (sqft, windows, rooms, area, floor, etc) to a home?

7. should the agent return a their thinking process? they have a conclution and need explain why from all factors and dimensions they during the evaluation.


8. memory. seems we need alow users to work on different home at the same time. we need a session for each one and be able to chat and questions to them, which means we need memory to different session. 
 and time matters, especially the time of evaluation generated.


13. chat input box stick on bottom, won't need to scroll down to look for the inputbox. the chat panel may need a fix height or something that won't get longer as the conversation going on UI. user can scroll but not scroll the whole page to look after.
14. subject property don't automatically collapse after click evaluate.

15. should we allow user to put a everything in a sentense and the app extract home info from it?


9. should we have an agent or flow to allow the agent response to some generally related question about a home?


10. how does our agent differ what-if and re-review? what are the prompt/context, tool level about this?

11. need explainations on tag meanings (such as A/B/C means, NON_ARMS_LENGTH_EXCLUDED, DATA_CONFLICT), can be a hand book to users
12. better UI of the conclusion in chat

16. should we have a button to auto filled the current conversation's property to the property form?


Q to Sam: what's the painpoint trying to solve? What's the expected behavior of the agent? 
Does the agent have to use the data from browser or it can be from downloaded data / from api? Any UI format preference? 


17. how does similarity work? when the compare history home sales, should closer-trading weight more???
18. we might need allow users to feedback on the evaluation and store them for later improvement. reburics suchas: 5 level of goodness, what's good, what's bad, users' est, comments, etc. can be shortern to 2 boxes if it's too many fields.
    may need a rating from user's feedback, only count those with feedbacks.